hey guys how's it going so today I have
an awesome video for you guys talking to
you about the Club Penguin frozen fever
party as a lot of you guys know back in
August of 2014 club him and had their
first frozen party which was a takeover
and inspired by the original movie
frozen
so I guess kind of as a second party
they're gonna be having the frozen fever
party and what frozen fever is it's
somewhat of a short animation that
they're gonna play before the Cinderella
movie in theaters and I guess when you
buy it on DVD it'll be in there as well
but because it's not actually a movie I
was very surprised that they were having
this take over or this this party I
don't know if it's kind of as a small
event but as far as I know it's actually
going to be a party so I was going
around a few blogs including Club
Penguin's and I noticed that there was
another snapshot from one of ask polo
fields questions where somebody asks him
a question and his response is I've got
a fever now this not only leads me to
believe that there's gonna be the frozen
fever party but also that they're gonna
do it very soon so my guess is that it's
going to be in April there was also
another snapshot of a code a line of
code from one of Club Penguin's I guess
SWF file I don't really know where it
came from but this is about the
catalogue and here's a little snapshot
of it says quest catalog task 12
description text new frozen fever items
so that's what it says and that only
leads me to believe that this is kind of
a confirmation for the frozen fever
party but we don't really know what's
going to take place in April so we're
just gonna have to wait and see what
clapping and says and confirms later on
in the month this isn't the first time
that we actually seen a second part to a
takeover for example we had the Star
Wars party in July 2013 and then we had
a second one so I'm curious to see if
they're gonna continue on with a lot of
the items and a lot of the other stuff
that you guys are gonna be able to get
at this party and I kind of want to see
how they tie in the plotline because
last time I did think it was pretty cool
how you were able to collect snowflakes
and Olaf puffles but that kind of leaves
me straight as to what they're gonna
bring next
is it's always interesting and a party
to see new things happening so I'm just
a little bit interested to see how they
gonna make this party new and
interesting I think what they should do
is create new items that have to do with
frozen but also make a better storyline
because last time I believe it kind of
came out of nowhere I think if they
amped it up like they did for the puffle
video or the puffle party 2015 when they
kind of tied it in from August and the
Sasquatch in the mascot and how we
didn't really know who he was I really
liked that because it allowed us to kind
of develop ideas about who he was and
when he was finally introduced it made
it really cool and it kind of made the
party a lot better so I wish that they
would do that as far as making a
creative plat line but we'll have to see
when it comes up so that leads me to ask
you guys did you guys like the last
frozen party and if you did what did you
like so much about it and what are you
looking forward to in this frozen party
that's all I have for you guys today
remember that next Saturday April 4th at
7 p.m. Eastern Standard Time is the
party that I'm gonna be holding and I
hope to see all of you guys there if you
can't make it let me know in the
comments and if you can let me know what
you're gonna wear there the guys with
that said I hope you did enjoy the video
and we'll see you all tomorrow
have an awesome day take care